hello and welcome especially tutorial
today it's about the arbitrary
politician and i want you again
explain everything so I have the link
again politically in the description and
this while I have the determination
you need to download these files and
install because otherwise it will not work
certainly does not work
So a client opens where the well
here the political rights and the
example wanted to switch
that either has to be so we all wanted
chains or something else a place
you need to use it on evita
single here in the first place
what two places consumes the first
two to three the first three falls like that
for example, main ddp.djn
is open when atmos met then
please start with administrator
because otherwise it is not synonymous with xp
normally start doubleclick so yourself
the parents then select the file
Do her new task manager and with me
is then click adventure and with me
is now here play world the world
3.6 of you write here exactly as
your your city so your girl though
hit goes on processes then from task
manager and thereby effect and the tabs
surfing and that is different here
which very warm what belongs playout 3
For example, in 2010 3, that's me
make it 19 is the fastest
then it will be the fastest but not
sure
but for me 1 is best i want
for example
a little bit normal maximum 2
I want an educator
I want to go here now
tp at least 4000 thereby
alternative alternative to bonuses then
wants to be active again so here is minimum
what she at least word and what is here
maximum how much you like how much that
is maximum and how many
at least so do many
at least wanted to and you sword
defense wanted at least 20 and
mum says 30 for example
then at least 20 but wanted to be there
with most only 15 and 20 is so
I think for example 20 for ne
sch quite Switzerland defense I
I also have 20 points on state bonus
changed
that will automatically be you have to
wait until the apartment is made
so far the bonuses
one never took so long but
well as done the same normal is
finished when area comes more you can see
a lot at least 40 24 1 hand that was it
actually already formed